# 20171206_usage_v3 by Sahil

## Pre-Review
### What will this Pull Request do?
*  Add a v3 endpoint for daily usage

### Why is this Pull Request needed?
* As part of SOA, we need to expose customers' usage data via a service. This is that service

### What's the *one* goal of this PR? (cleaning/refactoring/feature/bugfix)
* Feature

### Are there any points in the code the reviewer needs to double check?
* SQL query- are there any errors? It's kind of a beast 

### Are there any Pull Requests open in other repos which need to be merged with this?
* Yes, but nothing that is ready right now

### What issues does this address? (Please link tickets)
* AN-2125

### Does the PR name match the standard?
  1. [x] Name includes ticket number
  2. [-] Name is categoried in path. For example: feature/BIG-1265

### Is the commit history squashed?
* No

## Review
### [x] Pull down the code from the branch
### [x] Does it start/compile without modification?
### [-] Is it style compliant? (PEP8/Google/...)
### [x] Read the code
###### 1. What parts of the code have been added/modified/deleted?
* Added:
  1. refactored the common behave functions into a util
  2. behave tests for the daily feature
  3. Added steps for v3 around multiple analytics ids and multiple site_ids
  4. Added a Resource file for the v3 daily endpoint
  5. Added an endpoint to the application of the above Resource
  6. Added some gnarly SQL to aggregate usage data
* Modified:
  1. Generated test data modifications of hardcoded Jan 1 2017 to yesterday
* Deleted:

###### 2. What have you learned?
* I still haven't seen a solution of stitching batch and daily that I'm happy about

###### 3. What inputs should be tested/might be troublesome?
* What happens if you use an invalid analytics_id or site_id?
* What about a negative page length or page?
* What if the start_date is after the end_date?

###### 4. Any code smells?
* Massive SQL blocks in a string
### [x] Manually test the code
* I ran this manually after generating test data for a random analytics_id and site_id with only defaults and I got a 200
  * data matches +1 
* Negative page length 400'ed as expected
* Negative page number 400'ed as expected
### [x] Run the unit tests
### [x] Run the integration tests
The following tests are failing:
```
Failing scenarios:
  v3/daily_usage_v3.feature:22  Good input -- @1.1 requests
  v3/daily_usage_v3.feature:23  Good input -- @1.2 requests
  v3/daily_usage_v3.feature:24  Good input -- @1.3 requests
  v3/daily_usage_v3.feature:25  Good input -- @1.4 requests
  v3/daily_usage_v3.feature:27  Good input -- @1.6 requests
```
Output available [here](https://gist.github.com/sjanahan/462807a1eae31cbd7e84f68d6070f53f)

### [-] Run the coverage tests

## Post-Review
### What did you think of the PR overall?
* Good. The code organization is good. The refactoring in the behave tests are solid

### What would you suggest changing architecturally?
* Moving the SQL code in the daily endpoint to a view on the database

### What could more optimal in this PR?
* I queried the API incorrectly 

### What further testing would you suggest?
* Testing of the logic that stitches daily and batch tables.
  * What if the gen-test data inserts data for a 4 day range and we test different start_date/end_date ranges to cover the possibilities?

### Any other comments?
* The functionality of the API depends on this command `psql -h localhost -p 8888 --username neo -d matrix -f behave/behave.tests.inserts.sql`
  * Is there a way to incorporate it in sqitch rather than running it from the command line?


