# 20180502_qlecorre-use-cache-when-possible-minus-page-urls 

## Pre-Review
### What will this Pull Request do?
Use redis for autocomplete in the segmentation product b/c faster than snowflake

### Why is this Pull Request needed?
Reduce load on snowflake bc it's not great under concurrent load

### What's the *one* goal of this PR? (cleaning/refactoring/feature/bugfix)
feature

### Are there any points in the code the reviewer needs to double check?
Yes - please focus on template.py
1. Redis implementations
2. Non-Redis implementations

### Are there any Pull Requests open in other repos which need to be merged with this?
Yes, there are related but not dependent PRs in reporting-api and reporting-metadata-worker

### What issues does this address? (Please link tickets)
AN-2172

### Does the PR name match the standard?
  1. [-] Name includes ticket number
  2. [-] Name is categoried in path. For example: feature/BIG-1265

### Is the commit history squashed?

## Review
### [x] Pull down the code from the branch
### [x] Does it start/compile without modification?
### [-] Is it style compliant? (PEP8/Google/...)
### [] Read the code
###### 1. What parts of the code have been added/modified/deleted?
* Added: 
  * Redis port and timeout and hostname
  * Autocomplete base class
  * Use the base class to create autocompletes with redis as the backing store
* Modified:
  * 
* Deleted:
  * 

###### 2. What have you learned?
* There's more in common to autocompletes than I thought
* Using redis as a prefix tree is nice

###### 3. What inputs should be tested/might be troublesome?
Not sure

###### 4. Any code smells?
### [x] Manually test the code
### [x] Run the unit tests
### [-] Run the integration tests
### [-] Run the coverage tests

## Post-Review
### What did you think of the PR overall?
Really clean stuff. Performance boosts are huge

### What would you suggest changing architecturally?
Keep getting our APIs off of snowflake

### What could more optimal in this PR?
Nothing

### What further testing would you suggest?
None

### Any other comments?
No
